for this tutorial before I began filming
I did my hair by using mousse hairspray
and color hair spray in green for that
true Joker look next I use a paper towel
to dry off my teeth so I could add the
fleet street tooth lacquer in color
nicotine with the metal palate and
spatula I mix third-degree silicone
molding compound and use it to shape and
mold the Joker's famous Chelsea smile
cleansing the skin first with rubbing
alcohol will allow for better adhesion
you do have to work so wet quickly as
3rd degree does set in five minutes it
seems that the person who came up with a
makeup design for the Joker in the Dark
Knight was Heath Ledger himself Heath
showed up with a basic makeup kit
consisting of store-bought mascara white
grease paint and lipstick and basically
designed the makeup right there on the
spot so if you catch me looking over to
the right side of the screen I am
looking at a picture of none other than
Heath Ledger
next with a dampens Beauty Blender
sponge and mehran clown white makeup I
applied the Joker's foundation next with
a clean damp brush I'd ruin some lines
on the Joker's forehead then using black
from the Make Up For Ever flash palette
I painted in the Joker's eyes using the
edge of a damp makeup sponge I pull the
black from the eyes to give him that
menacing look next going over the water
line of the eyes I used feline from meth
I then went over the eyes with a black
eyeshadow from my naked 2 palette again
using the flash palette from make up
forever I painted in the Joker smile and
for the final step I added some blood
paste from grab topi n so that wraps up
this joker tutorial i hope you did enjoy
it if you did please give it a thumbs up
as well as joining me on my facebook and
twitter that's it for me take care guys
i'll look forward to seeing you again
very very soon with some more halloween
tutorials bye for now
you